README.md, before:

# Oscleton SDK for Android
Ableton Live companion SDK for Android

# Gradle Setup

Check that you have the `jcenter` repository in your Project's `build.gradle` file:

```groovy
repositories {
    // ...
    jcenter()    
}
```

Add the dependency in your Module's `build.gradle` file:

(not available yet)

```groovy
dependencies {
    // ...
    implementation 'fr.arthurvimond.oscletonsdk:core:0.1.0'
}
```

# License

```
Copyright 2018 Arthur VIMOND

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

doc(readme): add Official Documentation section with website link

README.md, after:

# Oscleton SDK for Android
Ableton Live companion SDK for Android

## Official documentation

The official documentation is hosted on the [Oscleton SDK website](https://oscletonsdk.arthurvimond.fr).

## Gradle Setup

Check that you have the `jcenter` repository in your Project's `build.gradle` file:

```groovy
repositories {
    // ...
    jcenter()    
}
```

Add the dependency in your Module's `build.gradle` file:

(not available yet)

```groovy
dependencies {
    // ...
    implementation 'fr.arthurvimond.oscletonsdk:core:0.1.0'
}
```

## License

```
Copyright 2018 Arthur VIMOND

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
```
